Add name argument (#24)
appsignal/appsignal-wrap: README.md

You can disable sending logs entirely by using the `--no-log` command-line option, and you can use `--no-stdout` and `--no-stderr` to control whether standard output and error are used to send logs to AppSignal.

### Report failure exit codes as errors to AppSignal

By default, `appsignal-wrap` will report an error to AppSignal if the command it executes exits with a failure exit code, or if the command fails to be executed:

```sh
appsignal-wrap sync_customers -- python ./sync_customers.py
```

The above command will attempt to execute `python ./sync_customers.py` with the AppSignal wrapper, and it will report an error to AppSignal if it fails to execute the command, or if the command ends with a failure exit code.

You can disable sending errors entirely by using the `--no-error` command-line option.

### Send heartbeat check-ins to AppSignal while your process is running

Use the `--heartbeat` flag to send heartbeat check-ins continuously to AppSignal, for as long as the process is running. This allows you to track that certain processes are always up:

```sh
appsignal-wrap worker --heartbeat -- bundle exec ./worker.rb
```

> The above command will execute `bundle exec ./worker.rb`, and send heartbeat check-ins to AppSignal with the `worker` check-in identifier continuously, for as long as the process is running.

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
appsignal-wrap worker --heartbeat -- bundle exec ruby ./worker.rb
```

The above command will execute `bundle exec ruby ./worker.rb`, and send heartbeat check-ins to AppSignal with the `worker` check-in identifier continuously, for as long as the process is running.
~~~

It will also send logs and report errors, as described in previous sections. To only send heartbeat check-ins, use `--no-log` and `--no-error`.

### Send cron check-ins to AppSignal when your process starts and finishes

Use the `--cron` flag to send a start cron check-in to AppSignal when the process starts, and a finish cron check-in to AppSignal if it finishes successfully. This allows you to track that certain processes are executed on schedule:

```sh
appsignal-wrap sync_customers --cron -- python ./sync_customers.py
```

> The above command will execute `bundle exec ./worker.rb`, send a start cron check-in to AppSignal with the `sync_customers` check-in identifier if it starts successfully, and send a finish cron check-in to AppSignal if it finishes with a success exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will execute `python ./sync_customers.py`, send a start cron check-in to AppSignal with the `sync_customers` check-in identifier if it starts successfully, and send a finish cron check-in to AppSignal if it finishes with a success exit code.
```

Author: whoops 😅 thank you for noticing!
